Summary Over the last 20 years, I have built a career as a strategic and
impactful product leader, known for uniting high-performing product
teams and fostering strong customer relationships. With a background as
an engineer turned product manager and executive, I excel at deeply
understanding customers’ most pressing challenges and innovating
solutions to address them rapidly and effectively. I excel at driving
decision alignment across all stakeholders. I effectively communicate
complex technical concepts to all levels of the business, with most of
my career focused on enterprise clients. I am passionate about
uncovering opportunities and implementing strategies that enhance
customer value and drive significant business growth.

Experience Head of Freight [Product] and Customer Success at Kontango

4/2023 to present

  Executive leader in product and customer success setting and executing
  the strategic vision for an international chemicals commodity trading
  platform. I drive substantial customer value by fostering
  collaboration, building strong relationships, and empowering
  engineering teams to plan and execute quickly. As a senior executive,
  I champion the use of the latest technology, including AI for data
  analytics and engineering solutions. I successfully led the freight
  product line from discovery to full customer solution, leveraging
  machine learning on predictive freight models for core customers.

  General Manager, Product Management at Roger

  3/2020 – 3/2023

As a successful product leader and strategic decision-maker, I
transformed the Roger brand by developing a visionary product roadmap
for groundbreaking products in truck logistics. I effectively
collaborated with the executives and leaders of investment and advisor
groups, which included five of the largest agricultural companies in
North America, to align product strategy and business objectives.
Leveraging my logistics software expertise, I spearheaded the
implementation of an industry-leading insurance compliance platform, as
well as led technical integration teams. At Roger, I consistently
demonstrated agility in addressing customer needs, setting the strategic
direction, and driving profitability for the organization and its
investors.

CEO/Founder at Strategic Consulting

1/2020 to present

  Founded a successful consulting firm specializing in product coaching,
  advisory, and direct product development. Leveraging over a decade of
  leading engineering teams, and with deep experience in the product
  operating model, I am passionate about helping companies identify and
  solve their most critical customer challenges. At Strategic, I pioneer
  an innovative framework to deeply understand challenges and address
  key pain points through software. Passionate about collaboration, I
  partner with teams to address complex problems and enhance
  profitability.

Partner, Director of Business Solutions at Fast Solutions

6/2013 – 1/2020

  Owned, led, and transformed a successful client services company,
  specializing in technical products/projects, with a focus on
  agriculture, manufacturing, and commodities. I drove the development
  of custom software solutions by leading engineering teams to deliver
  innovative and industry-specific applications. As a key
  decision-maker, I excelled in cross-collaboration across many business
  units for multiple clients. I leveraged my technical expertise to
  build robust applications, interfaces, and many business platforms. My
  leadership consistently enabled the delivery of high-impact solutions
  that met complex client needs.

Business Analyst/Software Engineer at Tyson Foods

7/2010 – 6/2013

  As a high-performing engineer that supported various business
  functions in the protein industry. I was recognized for my ability to
  quickly build strong stakeholder relationships, understand their
  challenges, and deliver robust solutions. Leveraging my technical
  expertise in modern systems, I successfully integrated into legacy
  applications. My innovative approach enabled business efficiency and
  enhanced productivity in key areas such as protein sales,
  manufacturing scheduling, and accounting.

Software Developer, Security, other titles at CF Industries (formerly
Terra Industries)

4/2001 – 6/2010

  Strong .NET Developer with a focus on delivering internal customer
  value and consistently achieving goals with minimal oversight.
  Advocated for stakeholder needs and drove the successful launch of
  high-quality integrations and software solutions. As a CISSP, lead
  risk analysis, remediation, and mitigation for Sarbanes/Oxley
  compliance, ensuring robust security and regulatory adherence.

Education Master of Arts in Management, 3/2006

Bellevue University, Bellevue, Nebraska

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Mathematics, 8/2002

Morningside University, Sioux City, Iowa
