Summary With over 20 years of experience as an impactful engineer turned
product leader, I am known for uniting high-performing engineering teams
and fostering strong customer relationships. I possess a unique ability
to deeply understand customers’ most pressing challenges, while
fostering internal collaboration across diverse functions. My long
history in infrastructure and integrations projects and products has
taught me to translate complex technical concepts into clear, actionable
insights for stakeholders at all levels. I am passionate about
uncovering growth opportunities and implementing strategies that enhance
customer value and drive significant business success.

Experience Head of Freight [Product] and Customer Success at Kontango

4/2023 to present

  As an executive leader in product and customer success, I set and
  execute the strategic vision for an international chemicals commodity
  trading platform. I drive substantial customer value through
  collaboration, strong relationship-building, and empowering both
  onshore and offshore engineering teams to plan and execute with
  agility. I embrace cutting-edge technology, including AI for data
  analytics and machine learning to develop predictive freight models. I
  successfully led the freight product line from discovery to full
  implementation, setting up the infrastructure for subsequent products
  and features.

  General Manager, Product Management [Compliance and Integrations] at
  Roger

  3/2020 – 3/2023

  As a successful product and engineering leader, I led the integrations
  team and the onRamp [Compliance] product line. I led internal and
  offshore teams to deliver impactful B2B solutions for agricultural
  commodity logistics. Our teams drove rapid, customer-focused
  development, while ensuring alignment with overall business
  objectives. I transformed the Roger brand by crafting a visionary
  product roadmap for innovative products in truck logistics. I
  effectively collaborated and aligned with the executives and leaders
  of investment and advisor groups, which included five of the largest
  agricultural companies in North America. My leadership in logistics
  software, particularly in the implementation of an industry-leading
  insurance compliance platform, showcases my ability to deliver
  cutting-edge solutions that drive profitability and meet customer
  needs.

CEO/Founder, Technical Product Leader at Strategic Consulting

1/2020 to present

  I founded a successful consulting firm specializing in product
  coaching, advisory, and direct product/project development, with a
  focus on solving critical customer challenges. Leveraging over a
  decade of leading engineering teams, and with deep experience in
  integrations, I specialize in helping companies align their product
  strategy with customer needs. At Strategic, I developed an innovative
  framework to uncover pain points and deliver tailored solutions. My
  passion for collaboration drives me to partner with teams to solve
  complex problems, enhance customer satisfaction, and improve
  profitability.

Partner, Director of Business Solutions at Fast Solutions

6/2013 – 1/2020

  I led and transformed a successful client services company, leading
  engineering teams tailored to business clients in agriculture,
  manufacturing, commodities, and logistics. As an engineer that
  developed into a leader, I excelled in driving cross-functional
  collaboration across diverse business units to ensure execution of
  complex projects. I leveraged my technical expertise to guide and
  develop robust applications and integrations. My leadership empowered
  teams to deliver high-impact, innovative solutions that aligned with
  complex customer needs.

Business Analyst/Software Engineer at Tyson Foods

7/2010 – 6/2013

  As a high-performing engineer that supported various business
  functions in the protein industry. I was recognized for my ability to
  quickly build strong stakeholder relationships, understand their
  challenges, and deliver robust solutions. Leveraging my technical
  expertise in modern systems, I successfully integrated into legacy
  applications. My innovative approach enabled business efficiency and
  enhanced productivity in key areas such as protein sales,
  manufacturing, scheduling, and accounting.

Software Developer, Security, other titles at CF Industries (formerly
Terra Industries)

4/2001 – 6/2010

  Strong .NET Developer with a focus on delivering internal customer
  value and consistently achieving goals with minimal oversight.
  Advocated for stakeholder needs and drove the successful launch of
  high-quality integrations and software solutions. As a CISSP, lead
  risk analysis, remediation, and mitigation for Sarbanes/Oxley
  compliance, ensuring robust security and regulatory adherence.

Education Master of Arts in Management, 3/2006

Bellevue University, Bellevue, Nebraska

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Mathematics, 8/2002

Morningside University, Sioux City, Iowa
