Summary Over the last 20 years, I have built a career as a strategic and
impactful product leader, known for uniting high-performing product
teams and fostering strong customer relationships. Starting as an
engineer and evolving into a product leader, I possess a unique ability
to deeply understand customers’ most pressing challenges and innovate
effective solutions. My expertise in agile methodologies, leading
engineering teams, and the product operating model is complemented by my
strong communication skills. This enables me to translate complex
technical concepts into clear, actionable insights for stakeholders at
all levels. I am passionate about leading and implementing strategies
that enhance customer value and drive significant business success.

Experience Head of Freight [Product] and Customer Operations at Kontango

4/2023 to present

  As a leader in product and customer ops, I set and execute the
  strategic vision for an international chemicals commodity trading
  platform. I drive substantial customer value through collaboration,
  strong relationship-building, and empowering both onshore and offshore
  engineering teams to plan and execute with agility. My leadership
  embraces cutting-edge technology, including AI for data analytics and
  machine learning to develop predictive freight models. I successfully
  led the freight product line from discovery to full implementation,
  delivering innovative solutions that enhance customer outcomes.

  General Manager, Product Management [Compliance and Integrations] at
  Roger

  3/2020 – 3/2023

As a successful product leader and strategic decision-maker, I led the
business integrations team and the onRamp [Compliance] product line. I
led internal and offshore teams to deliver impactful B2B solutions for
agricultural truck commerce. Our teams utilized agile methodologies to
drive rapid, customer-focused development, while ensuring alignment with
overall business objectives. I transformed the Roger brand by crafting a
visionary product roadmap for our new products in truck logistics. I
effectively collaborated and aligned with the executives and leaders of
investment and advisor groups, which included five of the largest
agricultural companies in North America. My leadership in logistics
software, particularly in the implementation of an industry-leading
insurance compliance platform, showcases my ability to deliver
cutting-edge solutions that drive profitability and meet customer needs.

CEO/Founder, Technical Product Leader at Strategic Consulting

1/2020 to present

  I founded a successful consulting firm specializing in product
  coaching, advisory, and direct product development, with a focus on
  solving critical customer challenges. Leveraging over a decade of
  leading engineering teams, and with deep experience in integrations, I
  specialize in helping companies align their product strategy with
  customer needs. At Strategic, I developed an innovative framework to
  uncover pain points and deliver tailored solutions. My passion for
  collaboration drives me to partner with teams to solve complex
  problems, enhance customer satisfaction, and improve profitability.

Partner, Director of Business Solutions at Fast Solutions

6/2013 – 1/2020

  I led and transformed a successful client services company, leading
  engineering teams tailored to business clients in agriculture,
  manufacturing, commodities, and logistics. As an engineer that
  developed into a leader, I excelled in driving cross-functional
  collaboration across diverse business units to ensure execution of
  complex projects. I leveraged my technical expertise to guide and
  develop robust applications and integrations. My leadership empowered
  teams to deliver high-impact, innovative solutions that aligned with
  complex customer needs.

Business Analyst/Software Engineer at Tyson Foods

7/2010 – 6/2013

  As a high-performing engineer that supported various business
  functions in the protein industry. I was recognized for my ability to
  quickly build strong stakeholder relationships, understand their
  challenges, and deliver robust solutions. Leveraging my technical
  expertise in modern systems, I successfully integrated into legacy
  applications. My innovative approach enabled business efficiency and
  enhanced productivity in key areas such as protein sales,
  manufacturing, scheduling, and accounting.

Software Developer, Security, other titles at CF Industries (formerly
Terra Industries)

4/2001 – 6/2010

  Strong .NET Developer with a focus on delivering internal customer
  value and consistently achieving goals with minimal oversight.
  Advocated for stakeholder needs and drove the successful launch of
  high-quality integrations and software solutions. As a CISSP, lead
  risk analysis, remediation, and mitigation for Sarbanes/Oxley
  compliance, ensuring robust security and regulatory adherence.

Education Master of Arts in Management, 3/2006

Bellevue University, Bellevue, Nebraska

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science and Mathematics, 8/2002

Morningside University, Sioux City, Iowa
